tournament_ATP Cup
tournament_Acapulco
tournament_Adelaide
tournament_Aix En Provence
tournament_Alicante
tournament_Alkmaar
tournament_Almaty
tournament_Alphen Aan Den Rijn
tournament_Amersfoort
tournament_Amsterdam
tournament_Andria
tournament_Anning
tournament_Antalya
tournament_Antofagasta
tournament_Antwerp
tournament_Astana
tournament_Asuncion
tournament_Atlanta
tournament_Auckland
tournament_Australian Open
tournament_Australian Open Juniors
tournament_Bangkok
tournament_Banja Luka
tournament_Barcelona
tournament_Barletta
tournament_Basel
tournament_Bastad
tournament_Beijing
tournament_Belgrade
tournament_Bergamo
tournament_Biella
tournament_Blois
tournament_Bloomfield Hills
tournament_Bogota
tournament_Bordeaux
tournament_Bratislava
tournament_Bratislava 2
tournament_Braunschweig
tournament_Brazzaville
tournament_Brescia
tournament_Brest
tournament_Brisbane
tournament_Brussels
tournament_Bucharest
tournament_Budapest
tournament_Buenos Aires
tournament_Burnie
tournament_Busan
tournament_Cagliari
tournament_Cali
tournament_Campinas
tournament_Canada Masters
tournament_Canberra
tournament_Casablanca
tournament_Champaign
tournament_Charlottesville
tournament_Chengdu
tournament_Chennai
tournament_Cherbourg
tournament_Chicago
tournament_Cincinnati
tournament_Cincinnati Masters
tournament_Cleveland
tournament_Cologne
tournament_Columbus
tournament_Cordenons
tournament_Cordoba
tournament_Corrientes
tournament_Curitiba
tournament_Dallas
tournament_Dallas WCT
tournament_Davis Cup
tournament_Delray Beach
tournament_Dobrich
tournament_Doha
tournament_Doha EXH
tournament_Drummondville
tournament_Dubai
tournament_Dusseldorf
tournament_Dutch Championships
tournament_Eastbourne
tournament_Eckental
tournament_Ercolano
tournament_Essen Masters
tournament_Estoril
tournament_Fergana
tournament_Finland
tournament_Florence
tournament_Forest Hills
tournament_Forest Hills WCT
tournament_Forli
tournament_French Club
tournament_Geneva
tournament_Gijon
tournament_Granby
tournament_Grand Slam Cup
tournament_Great Ocean Road Open
tournament_Gstaad
tournament_Guadalajara
tournament_Guangzhou
tournament_Guayaquil
tournament_Gwangju
tournament_Halle
tournament_Hamburg
tournament_Hamburg Masters
tournament_Hangzhou
tournament_Helsinki
tournament_Ho Chi Minh City
tournament_Hong Kong
tournament_Hopman Cup
tournament_Houston
tournament_Ilkey
tournament_Ilkley
tournament_Indian Wells
tournament_Indian Wells Masters
tournament_Indianapolis
tournament_Ismaning
tournament_Istanbul
tournament_Itajai
tournament_Izmir
tournament_Kaohsiung
tournament_Karlsruhe
tournament_Karshi
tournament_Kitzbuhel
tournament_Knoxville
tournament_Kobe
tournament_Koblenz
tournament_Kooyong Classic
tournament_Kuala Lumpur
tournament_Las Vegas
tournament_Launceston
tournament_Laver Cup
tournament_Leon
tournament_Lexington
tournament_Liberec
tournament_Lille
tournament_Lima
tournament_Lincoln
tournament_Little Rock
tournament_Long Island
tournament_Los Angeles
tournament_Los Cabos
tournament_Luedenscheid
tournament_Lugano
tournament_Lyon
tournament_Madrid
tournament_Madrid Masters
tournament_Maia
tournament_Manama
tournament_Manerbio
tournament_Manila
tournament_Marbella
tournament_Marrakech
tournament_Marseille
tournament_Masters
tournament_Masters Cup
tournament_Maui
tournament_Meerbusch
tournament_Melbourne
tournament_Memphis
tournament_Metz
tournament_Miami
tournament_Miami Masters
tournament_Milan
tournament_Mohammedia
tournament_Mons
tournament_Monte Carlo
tournament_Monte Carlo Masters
tournament_Montemar
tournament_Monterrey
tournament_Montevideo
tournament_Montpellier
tournament_Moscow
tournament_Mouilleron
tournament_Mouilleron Le Captif
tournament_Munich
tournament_Murcia
tournament_Naples
tournament_Napoli
tournament_New Haven
tournament_New York
tournament_Newport
tournament_Newport Beach
tournament_NextGen Finals
tournament_Nice
tournament_Nonthaburi
tournament_Nottingham
tournament_Noumea
tournament_Oeiras
tournament_Olympics
tournament_Orlando
tournament_Orleans
tournament_Ortisei
tournament_Ostrava
tournament_Padova
tournament_Palermo
tournament_Panama City
tournament_Paris
tournament_Paris Masters
tournament_Paris Olympics
tournament_Pau
tournament_Pepsi Grand Slam
tournament_Pereira
tournament_Perugia
tournament_Philadelphia
tournament_Poznan
tournament_Prague
tournament_Prostejov
tournament_Puebla
tournament_Puerto Vallarta
tournament_Pune
tournament_Punta Del Este
tournament_Qingdao
tournament_Queens Club
tournament_Quimper
tournament_Quito
tournament_Rennes
tournament_Rimouski
tournament_Rio de Janeiro
tournament_Roanne
tournament_Roland Garros
tournament_Roland Garros Juniors
tournament_Rome
tournament_Rome GA
tournament_Rome Masters
tournament_Rotterdam
tournament_Roverto
tournament_S Hertogenbosch
tournament_Sacramento
tournament_Saint Tropez
tournament_Samarkand
tournament_San Benedetto Del Tronto
tournament_San Diego
tournament_San Francisco
tournament_San Jose
tournament_San Luis Potosi
tournament_Santiago
tournament_Santo Domingo
tournament_Sao Leopoldo
tournament_Sao Paulo
tournament_Sassuolo
tournament_Savannah
tournament_Scheveningen
tournament_Scottsdale
tournament_Segovia
tournament_Seoul
tournament_Shanghai
tournament_Shanghai Masters
tournament_Shenzhen
tournament_Shymkent
tournament_Sibiu
tournament_Singapore
tournament_Six Kings Slam
tournament_Sofia
tournament_Sophia Antipolis
tournament_Sopot
tournament_Split
tournament_St Anton EXH
tournament_St Petersburg
tournament_Stockholm
tournament_Stockholm Masters
tournament_Stratton Mountain
tournament_Stuttgart
tournament_Stuttgart Classic
tournament_Stuttgart Indoor
tournament_Stuttgart Masters
tournament_Stuttgart Outdoor
tournament_Suntory Cup
tournament_Surbiton
tournament_Sydney
tournament_Sydney Indoor
tournament_Szczecin
tournament_Szekesfehervar
tournament_Taipei
tournament_Tel Aviv
tournament_Temuco
tournament_Tenerife
tournament_The Hague
tournament_Tiburon
tournament_Tigre
tournament_Tokyo
tournament_Tokyo Indoor
tournament_Tokyo Olympics
tournament_Tokyo Outdoor
tournament_Tour Finals
tournament_Toyota
tournament_Tulln
tournament_US Open
tournament_USA
tournament_Umag
tournament_United Cup
tournament_Valencia
tournament_Verona
tournament_Vicenza
tournament_Vienna
tournament_Villa Maria
tournament_Villena
tournament_Vilnius
tournament_Washington
tournament_Wembley
tournament_Wimbledon
tournament_Wimbledon Juniors
tournament_Winnetka
tournament_Winnipeg
tournament_Winston Salem
tournament_Wroclaw
tournament_Yokkaichi
tournament_Yokohama
tournament_Young Masters
tournament_Zadar
tournament_Zagreb
tournament_Zhangjiagang
tournament_Zhuhai
surface_unknown
serve_type_0
serve_type_4
serve_type_5
serve_type_6
serve_type_g
first_serve_type_0
first_serve_type_4
first_serve_type_5
first_serve_type_6
first_serve_type_Unknown
first_serve_type_g
shot_1_type_&
shot_1_type_1
shot_1_type_2
shot_1_type_3
shot_1_type_7
shot_1_type_Unknown
shot_1_type_b
shot_1_type_e
shot_1_type_f
shot_1_type_h
shot_1_type_i
shot_1_type_l
shot_1_type_m
shot_1_type_o
shot_1_type_q
shot_1_type_r
shot_1_type_s
shot_1_type_t
shot_1_type_u
shot_1_type_v
shot_1_type_w
shot_1_type_y
shot_1_type_z
shot_1_direction_-1.0
shot_1_direction_0.0
shot_1_direction_1.0
shot_1_direction_2.0
shot_1_direction_3.0
shot_1_depth_-1.0
shot_1_depth_0.0
shot_1_depth_7.0
shot_1_depth_8.0
shot_1_depth_9.0
shot_2_type_Unknown
shot_2_type_b
shot_2_type_f
shot_2_type_h
shot_2_type_i
shot_2_type_j
shot_2_type_k
shot_2_type_l
shot_2_type_m
shot_2_type_o
shot_2_type_p
shot_2_type_q
shot_2_type_r
shot_2_type_s
shot_2_type_t
shot_2_type_u
shot_2_type_v
shot_2_type_y
shot_2_type_z
shot_2_direction_-1.0
shot_2_direction_0.0
shot_2_direction_1.0
shot_2_direction_2.0
shot_2_direction_3.0
shot_2_depth_-1.0
shot_2_depth_0.0
shot_2_depth_7.0
shot_2_depth_8.0
shot_2_depth_9.0
shot_3_type_Unknown
shot_3_type_b
shot_3_type_f
shot_3_type_h
shot_3_type_i
shot_3_type_j
shot_3_type_k
shot_3_type_l
shot_3_type_m
shot_3_type_o
shot_3_type_p
shot_3_type_q
shot_3_type_r
shot_3_type_s
shot_3_type_t
shot_3_type_u
shot_3_type_v
shot_3_type_y
shot_3_type_z
shot_3_direction_-1.0
shot_3_direction_0.0
shot_3_direction_1.0
shot_3_direction_2.0
shot_3_direction_3.0
shot_3_depth_-1.0
shot_3_depth_0.0
shot_3_depth_7.0
shot_3_depth_8.0
shot_3_depth_9.0
last_shot_type_&
last_shot_type_3
last_shot_type_Unknown
last_shot_type_b
last_shot_type_f
last_shot_type_h
last_shot_type_i
last_shot_type_j
last_shot_type_k
last_shot_type_l
last_shot_type_m
last_shot_type_o
last_shot_type_p
last_shot_type_q
last_shot_type_r
last_shot_type_s
last_shot_type_t
last_shot_type_u
last_shot_type_v
last_shot_type_y
last_shot_type_z
shot_4_type_Unknown
shot_4_type_b
shot_4_type_f
shot_4_type_h
shot_4_type_i
shot_4_type_j
shot_4_type_k
shot_4_type_l
shot_4_type_m
shot_4_type_o
shot_4_type_p
shot_4_type_q
shot_4_type_r
shot_4_type_s
shot_4_type_t
shot_4_type_u
shot_4_type_v
shot_4_type_y
shot_4_type_z
shot_4_direction_-1.0
shot_4_direction_0.0
shot_4_direction_1.0
shot_4_direction_2.0
shot_4_direction_3.0
shot_4_depth_-1.0
shot_4_depth_0.0
shot_4_depth_7.0
shot_4_depth_8.0
shot_4_depth_9.0
shot_5_type_Unknown
shot_5_type_b
shot_5_type_f
shot_5_type_h
shot_5_type_i
shot_5_type_j
shot_5_type_k
shot_5_type_l
shot_5_type_m
shot_5_type_o
shot_5_type_p
shot_5_type_q
shot_5_type_r
shot_5_type_s
shot_5_type_t
shot_5_type_u
shot_5_type_v
shot_5_type_y
shot_5_type_z
shot_5_direction_-1.0
shot_5_direction_0.0
shot_5_direction_1.0
shot_5_direction_2.0
shot_5_direction_3.0
shot_5_depth_-1.0
shot_5_depth_0.0
shot_5_depth_7.0
shot_5_depth_8.0
shot_5_depth_9.0
